[Music]
at the end of every day of fishing it
comes time to clean up and that's how
your next air fishing is going to starts
if you've ever wondered why do I go to
get my rods out and everything's in a
pile and I get to the lake I'm mad of
course boasted guilty of it I didn't
take enough time to place them back in
the rod box
correctly some of the things has helped
me for years rowdy gloves what are these
these are actually sleeves for your rods
simply slide it on the rod this is even
made from micro guide which is a time
and I start placing them in my box I
don't even use a rod organizer but with
these particular sets these rod gloves
the whole deal can just keep stacking
them in I placed the lure down on the
reel don't place it up on your eyes
somewhere that's going to cause
nightmares Oh Jay Simpsons law you can't
get this out don't put it up there you
want it down here where you can work
with it you slide the rod gloves on and
they come everything from spinning reels
to debate casters seven six we have them
all different links some you can even
get the line size stamped on the glove
himself of course me I have my little
logo put there because I try and be
little something-something you know but
it works for me that shortcuts my
headaches you know and if it's less
headache for me in a day of fishing I'm
all about it
so try it next time you go out pick
yourself up some rod gloves wrap your
rods up place your baits down on your
reel stack them in there I'm probably 25
deep at tomorrow morning when I get
ready to fish they'll come right back
out that's worth it all right there
[Music]
you